(a)
Counting objects: 7, done.
Delta compression using up to 4 threads.
Compressing objects: 100% (5/5), done.
Writing objects: 100% (7/7), 968 bytes | 484.00 KiB/s, done.
Total 7 (delta 2), reused 0 (delta 0)
remote: Resolving deltas: 100% (2/2), completed with 1 local object.
To github.com:Impinity/Assignment1.git
   3d373c9..af74692  master -> master

(b)
There are 5 commits, the command used was: git log.

(c)
It was modified on Thu Jan 10 16:45:38 2019
Command used was: git log --follow .gitignore

(d)
Branching give the ability to make sure changes in code are verified before
being delivered to other developers. Branching helps isolate different
development activities like having a branch for bug fixing and one for
features which helps developers work on the same thing in an organized fashion.

(e)
git log gives you a history of commits while git status gives you the
working tree status.

(f)
git log --follow Weapon.h

(g)
git log --grep="file"

(h)
    (I). Inheritance is when an object is derived from another object. That object
    essentially "inherits" the functionality of its parent class.
    (II). Polymorphism, in object-oriented programming usually refers to derived
    objects being able to have functionality inherited from the parent object but
    also being able to define their own unique behavior. This can be due to
    overriding parent functions or simply adding their own behavior.
    (III). Encapsulation is keeping data or code safe from external interference.
    In C++ a class has multiple ways to control encapsulation. Making data and functions
    public gives anyone the ability to access them. Making data protected allows only
    the base class and derived classes to access that data. Making data private only
    allows that class to access that data.

(i)
The main difference is that in the "Dictator and Lieutenants" workflow is that
developers are pushing to an intermediary "lieutenant" rather than directly to
a "dictator" or "integration manager." The work of an integration manager is
basically split up and developers have one repository rather than two.

(j)
The "Dictator and Lieutenants" workflow is significantly more efficient and
organized. At that scale, it's nearly impossible for a developer to resolve
conflicts with 99 other developers. The "Dictator and Lieutenants" method instead
has multiple Lieutenant repositories with a few developers assigned to each one
so not one lieutenant is responsible for resolving conflicts between 100 people.

5.
Is the RoleGame prototype using polymorphism and/or encapsulation? If you find that the
prototype is using any of these two OOP principles, please discuss in which way the
prototype is using it.

The RoleGame prototype is using both polymorphism and encapsulation.

The polymorphism is seen in the Weapon class's hit() function, specifically,
the hit() function with a parameter. When hit(double armor) is called, a
different function is called each time depending on the type of weapon.
The hit() function without a parameter used to not be a virtual function
therefore, when called only one hit() function would be called (the one
for the base Weapon class). In order to implement the randomness on each
hit (even if the armor is non-existent) for the CrazyRandomSword class
I made the parameterless hit() function virtual. The version with
a parameter is followed by an "= 0" making it a pure virtual function.
This means that the base Weapon class doesn't have its on implementation
of that version of hit() and it is implemented differently in every sub-
class, making Weapon an abstract class. My parameterless hit function
is not a pure virtual function meaning changing that function is optional
so only CrazyRandomSword and ClimbAxe have to implement it. The destructor
of the base Weapon class is also a non-pure virtual function because not
every subclass needs to clean up any pointers or garbage.

The encapsulation can also be seen in the base Weapon class in its use of
'public:' and 'protected:'. The constructor and functions are public,
meaning the anything can access them, while the member data is protected,
meaning only the subclasses (CommonSpear, SimpleHammer, etc.) can access.
My ClimbAxe has a private member variable (armorIgnored) in order to
decrease it over time. This means only ClimbAxe can access that data.
Encapsulation is implemented via these access specifiers.